## TensorFlow
https://www.tensorflow.org


## Jupyter Notebook
https://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html

https://blog.dominodatalab.com/lesser-known-ways-of-using-notebooks/

https://www.dataquest.io/blog/jupyter-notebook-tips-tricks-shortcuts/


## Datasets
(1) Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/

(2) UCI Machine Learning Repository
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets.html

(3) ImageNet
http://image-net.org/index

(4) WordNet
http://wordnet.princeton.edu/

(5) MNIST
http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/
           
(6) CIFAR-10 & CIFAR-100
http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~kriz/cifar.html


## Tutorials
(1) Siraj Raval: Intro to Tensorflow
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2-dafEMk2A7EEME489DsI468AB0wQsMV

(2) Siraj Raval: Intro to Deep Learning (Udacity Nanodegree)
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2-dafEMk2A7YdKv4XfKpfbTH5z6rEEj3

(3) DeepLearning.TV: Deep Learning Simplified
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjJh1vlSEYgvGod9wWiydumYl8hOXixNu

(4) 모두를 위한 머신러닝/딥러닝 강의(김성훈 교수님)
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlMkM4tgfjnLSOjrEJN31gZATbcj_MpUm
http://hunkim.github.io/ml/

(5) Big Data University: Deep Learning with TensorFlow
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-XeOa5hMEYxNzHM7YLRjIwE1k3VQpqEh

(6) Martin Gorner: Learn TensorFlow and deep learning, without a Ph.D.:
https://cloud.google.com/blog/big-data/2017/01/learn-tensorflow-and-deep-learning-without-a-phd

(7) Kaz Sato, Understanding neural networks with TensorFlow Playground
https://cloud.google.com/blog/big-data/2016/07/understanding-neural-networks-with-tensorflow-playground

(8) Tensorflow Dev Summit 2017
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOU2XLYxmsIKGc_NBoIhTn2Qhraji53cv


## Courses
(1) Stanford CS229 Machine Learning
http://cs229.stanford.edu/materials.html
(Slides) http://www.holehouse.org/mlclass/

(2) Stanford CS231n Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition
http://vision.stanford.edu/teaching/cs231n/syllabus.html
http://cs231n.github.io/

(3) Stanford CS224d Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing
http://cs224d.stanford.edu/syllabus.html

(4) Stanford CS 20SI TensorFlow for Deep Learning Research:
http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs20si/index.html

(5) Harvard CS109 Data Science
http://cs109.github.io/2015/pages/videos.html

(6) Oxford Machine Learning
https://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/people/nando.defreitas/machinelearning/

(7) CMU Deep Learning
http://deeplearning.cs.cmu.edu/

(8) Udacity Deep Learning
https://www.udacity.com/course/deep-learning--ud730


## Github
(1) Awesome Deep Learning
https://github.com/ChristosChristofidis/awesome-deep-learning

(2) Martin Gorner
https://github.com/martin-gorner

(3) Tensorflow
https://github.com/tensorflow

(4) Stanford CS20SI
https://github.com/chiphuyen/tf-stanford-tutorials

(5) Realtime Multi-person Pose Estimation
https://github.com/ZheC/Realtime_Multi-Person_Pose_Estimation

(6) Human Motion Classification
https://github.com/Cranapple/humanMotionClassification

(7) LSTM Human Activity Recognition
https://github.com/guillaume-chevalier/LSTM-Human-Activity-Recognition

(8) Human Activity Recognition using CNN
https://github.com/aqibsaeed/Human-Activity-Recognition-using-CNN

